= Approval Plugin

This Plugin allows users to approve of specific revisions.

== Features

* shows approved status of revisions in the repository
* can be configured to follow two-men-rule
* highlighting of unapproved revisions
* sets SVN revision property if changeset gets approved in SVN-repositories

== Installation

1. Copy the folder into your plugins folder in the Redmine installation.
   (make sure the plugin is installed to <tt>plugins/approval_plugin</tt>)
2. Perform the migration with
     $ rake redmine:plugins:migrate
3. Restart your Redmine web servers.
4. Login and configure the plugin (Administration > Plugins > Configure)
5. Activate the "approval plugin" module for the specific projects (Settings > Modules). Or for all projects in the plugin configurations.
6. If you are using SVN repositories:
   In order to make this plugin work you have to add/edit the following file: <tt>PATH TO REPOSITORY/hooks/pre-revprop-change</tt>

   Simply add the line
     if [ "$ACTION" = "A" -a "$PROPNAME" = "approved" ]; then exit 0; fi

== Uninstalling

1. Rerverse the migration
     $ rake redmine:plugins:migrate NAME=approval_plugin VERSION=0
2. delete the <tt>approval_plugin</tt> folder
3. change the <tt>pre-revprop-change</tt> file

Please note that approval information for SVN-repositories is also stored within svn revisin properties, so this information is still there once the plugin is uninstalled!


== Configuration

=== Permissions
To approve revisions users have to have permission.
In Administration > 'Roles and permissions' set the permission to approve for each role. (administrators always have permission)

=== Plugin configuration
* Allow approval of own revisions. This allows the author of this revision to approve it himself.
* Approve only if preceding revisions are already approved. If checked user can only approve revisions if previous revisions are approved.
The number indicates how big the gap to the last approved revision can be. e.g.: max gap = 5 means that revision 25 can be approved if revision 19 or higher is already approved.
* Highlighting unapproved revisions. Defines the color in which the message "unapproved revision" will be highlighted in.

* Activate Approval Plugin module for all projects. By clicking this link the Plugin module will be activated for all projects with svn repositories.
